Specify mapping of GraphQL type -> Neo4j node label using `@node` directive (#475)
neo4j/graphql: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/type-definitions/database-mapping.adoc

    since: DateTime @alias(property: "moveInDate")
}
----

[[type-definitions-node]]
== `@node`

The `@node` directive is used to specify the configuration of a GraphQL object type which represents a Neo4j node.

=== Definition

[source, graphql, indent=0]
----

> """Indicates the underlying Neo4j labels that this type will be mapped to."""
> directive @node(label: String, additionalLabels: [String]) on OBJECT

Reviewer: This still needs to be married up to the definition in "packages/graphql/src/schema/validation/directives.ts":

```suggestion
"""Informs @neo4j/graphql of node metadata"""
directive @node(
    """Map the GraphQL type to a custom Neo4j node label"""
    label: String
    """Map the GraphQL type to match additional Neo4j node labels"""
    additionalLabels: [String]
) on OBJECT
```

    since: DateTime @alias(property: "moveInDate")
}
----

[[type-definitions-node]]
== `@node`

The `@node` directive maps a GraphQL type to one or more Neo4j labels.

=== Definition

[source, graphql, indent=0]
----
"""Indicates that the type is will be mapped to the underlying Neo4j label."""
directive @node(label: String, additionalLabels: [String]) on OBJECT
----

=== Usage
`@node` can be used with the optional parameters `label` and `additionalLabels`.

==== Label
The parameter `label` defines the label to be used in Neo4j instead of the GraphQL type:

[source, graphql, indent=0]
----
type Movie @node(label="Film") {
    title: String!
}
----

This way, the following query:

[source, graphql, indent=0]
----
{
  movies {
    title
  }
}
----

Generates the cypher query:

[source, cypher, indent=0]
----
MATCH (this:Film)
RETURN this { .title } as this
----

==== AdditionalLabels

AdditionalLabels lets you define extra Neo4j labels that need to exist in the node for that GraphQL type.

[source, graphql, indent=0]
----

> type Actor @node(additionalLabels=["Person", "User"]) {

Reviewer 2: :facepalm: My dumb brain does not differentiate between GraphQL and TypeScript, good catch!
